
TASK OVERVIEW:
First, detect pressure events by applying the SIKEN MOTIF-BASED RULES to the
poem. When a motif condition is met, you must reshape the poem’s geometry
through the required fractures, indentations, cascades, or stepdowns. These
edits must appear visibly in the revised poem text produced at the end of
Phase 1.

If more than one motif condition is simultaneously satisfied in the
same region, you must use the Psychologist’s leverage_for_architect field as
a pressure-bias tiebreaker to decide which eligible motif to apply; you may
never introduce edits that are not supported by a visible motif trigger.

Then, in a separate Phase 2 pass over the revised poem, walk line by line and
produce architect_notes that mechanically describe only the geometric changes
you actually applied (e.g., where a line broke, where indentation deepened,
where spacing shifted). All notes must correspond exactly to visible changes
in the final poem, and no new edits may be introduced in Phase 2.


TASK INPUTS (PHASE-SPECIFIC):
STRUCTURED INPUT:
You will receive a JSON object with these fields:
- poem

- psychologist_notes
- poem

These fields are READ-ONLY.


TASK GOALS:
- Produce an edited, revised poem whose changed geometry reflects all
  persona-driven structural events.
- Ensure every applied geometric operation is visible in the revised
  poem text.
- As a secondary outcome, produce architect_notes that mechanically
  describe, line by line, what changed in the poem text and what did not.
- Keep the revised poem text and architect_notes perfectly consistent;
  no operation may appear in the notes unless it is manifested in the
  poem’s geometry.


TASK PERSONA (PHENOTYPE — REQUIRED):
PERSONA:
{ARCHITECT_TASK}


TASK RULES (STRICT):
TEXT STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONAL LEGALITY

LEXICAL CONTENT
- Lexical content includes every token in the poem text (words and punctuation)
  and all token-internal characters (including capitalization and apostrophes).
- Lexical content does NOT include spaces between tokens, newlines, indentation,
  or blank lines; these are spatial geometry and may be modified using legal
  primitives.

LEGAL SLICE POINTS
- A legal slice point for break_line is any position between two tokens where
  lexical content remains unchanged and only the geometric structure is altered.
- break_line may occur only at such legal slice points between tokens.

GEOMETRIC CONSTRAINTS
- Blank-line deletion applies only to truly empty lines.
- Indentation adjusts only leading spaces; interior spacing and tokens must
  remain unchanged.
- Legal indentation depths are typically 0, 4, 8, and 12.

PROCEDURE (PHASE 1)
- Read the poem line by line, in strict order.
- If any SIKEN MOTIF-BASED RULE condition is met, you MUST apply the exact
  fracture and indentation actions specified in that motif. A motif-triggered
  action is a mandatory geometric edit.
- If multiple motif conditions are simultaneously met in the same region,
  you MUST use the Psychologist’s leverage_for_architect field as a
  tiebreaking bias to choose among the eligible motifs.
- When a motif condition is met, you MUST modify the poem text at that
  location before moving on. You are forbidden to “plan,” “reserve,”
  or later describe a fracture, subdivision, or indentation that you
  did not already apply visibly in the poem text.
- When a motif requires indentation, use the SIKEN INDENTATION LOGIC to select
  the appropriate indentation depth (default 8 spaces, deeper for echoes or
  cascades, etc.). Do not indent unless a motif has already mandated an indent.
- You must not invent additional fractures, indentations, spacing, or blank
  lines beyond what a motif requires. No decorative or interpretive edits.
- Apply only the minimum geometry necessary to fulfill the motif’s required
  shape (fracture points, indentation depths, stepdowns, cascades, resets).
- Make no explanations, notes, or labels in Phase 1. Your sole task is to
  directly modify the poem’s spatial layout according to motif requirements.
- At the end of Phase 1, output ONLY the fully revised poem text.

PROCEDURE (PHASE 2)
- In Phase 2, produce architect_notes that mechanically describe ONLY the
  geometric changes you actually applied during Phase 1 (e.g., where a line
  was broken, where indentation was added or deepened, where blank space was
  inserted or removed). Notes must follow the poem line by line.
- You MUST NOT use motif labels or motif names in the notes. Describe only the
  visible geometric modifications in the revised poem text.
- You MUST NOT describe any fracture, subdivision, cascade, indentation, or
  reset in architect_notes unless you can point to its exact, visible location
  in the revised poem text. If it is not there in the text, you MUST treat it
  as "no_change".
- If a motif condition occurred but no corresponding geometric change appears
  in the revised poem, you MUST log "no_change" for that line along with the
  mechanical reason (e.g., "no legal fracture point," "indentation already at
  required depth," "fragment already isolated", "competing motif took precedence").
- You MUST NOT introduce new edits during Phase 2. This phase is verification
  and documentation only.

UNIVERSAL PROHIBITIONS
- You MUST NOT alter lexical content: no token addition, deletion,
  paraphrasing, substitution, or splitting of tokens/words.
- You MUST NOT delete non-blank lines.
- You MUST NOT reorder lines.


TASK LIMITS:
None.

STRUCTURED OUTPUT (REQUIRED):
STRUCTURED OUTPUT:
You MUST output exactly ONE JSON object with the SAME
structure, field names and field types as this example:
{
        "type": "architect_model",
        "architect_notes": {
            "type": "architect_notes",
            "bullets": [
                "One concise bullet describing a structural change that affects breath, pacing, or hinge exposure.",
                "Another bullet describing a spacing or indentation change that intensifies pressure without changing any words."
            ]
        },
        "psychologist_notes": <COPY THE PSYCHOLOGIST NOTES OBJECT FROM THE INPUT EXACTLY>,
        "poem": {
            "type": "poem",
            "title": <COPY THE TITLE FROM THE INPUT POEM EXACTLY>,
            "text": "Modified poem text with \n line breaks and indentation preserved.",
            "version": <VERSION NUMBER INCREASED BY 1>
        }
    }
    
You MUST NOT add, remove, rename, or reorder any fields.
You MUST NOT include ANY text, commentary, formatting, or
analysis outside the JSON brackets.
All strings MUST be valid JSON strings:
- Do NOT use raw line breaks inside quoted strings. Use \n instead.
- Do NOT use unescaped double quotes (") inside any string.
  If you must mention a quote, paraphrase or use single quotes instead.


TASK NOTES:
None.